无效评测
全部：272、274、18 
RA 机经 192、193、195

68694
RA 机经 192

68682
RS 高频 85

小数点
75 

NGC
72

6.5.4
1. 数字多种读法支持；
2. 部分小程序弹窗位置增加；
3. 新增WebApi评测；


While the Republican field is packed with male candidates, so far, some of the sharpest Clinton critiques have come from women. Democrats successfully campaigned on an alleged GOP perpetrated war on women in 2012, but faltered in 2014 when they tried the same tactic. With Hillary Clinton as the likely Democratic nominee, the fight for women voters will be a central part of the 2016 campaign.
 
While the Republican field is packed with male candidates, so far some of the sharpest Clinton critiques have come from women. Democrats successfully campaigned on an alleged GOP perpetrated




1950必须按照 19 50来读，按照1950来读会黑色

2003 

Genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolios of mechanisms. 
Genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolios of mechanisms.



At the end of the book

In most animals, the brain is located in the head, protected by the skull and close to the primary sensory apparatus of vision, hearing, taste and olfaction. In humans, it is an organ of thought. While all vertebrates have a brain, invertebrates have either a centralized brain or collections of individual ganglia.Brains can be extremely complex.

In most animals, the brain is located in the head, protected by the skull and close to the primary sensory apparatus of vision, hearing, taste and olfaction. In humans, it is an organ of thought. While all vertebrates have a brain, invertebrates have either a centralized brain or collections of individual ganglia. Brains can be extremely complex.



Australians do speak English, however, for some tourists and travelers, it can be difficult to understand the slang. Also, the links between Australian and American English were seen to be very tenuous. At least some colloquialisms in Australian English does not exist in other types of English. 



Along with customary classes on subjects such as finance, accounting, and marketing, today's MBA students are enrolling on courses for environmental policy and stewardship. Indeed, more than half of business schools require a course in environmental sustainability or corporate social responsibility, according to a survey of 91 US business schools, published in October of 2005. 


Along with customary classes on subjects such as finance, accounting, and marketing, today's MBA students are enrolling on courses for environmental policy and stewardship. Indeed, more than half of business schools require a course in environmental sustainability or corporate social responsibility, according to a survey of 91 US business schools, published in October of 2005.

You must be willing to accept any of your choices you selected
You must be willing to accept any of your choices you selected




Before the discovery of Australia, people in the old world were convinced that all swans were white, an unassailable belief as it seemed completely confirmed by empirical evidence. The sighting of the first black swan might have been an interesting surprise for a few scientists, but that is not where the significance of the story lies.


As far as politics go, the responses are just as varied. Mitigation is common and calls for a reduction of emissions and less reliance on fossil fuels. Coal burning power plants are now replaced with hydraulic power plants and electric cars are replacing some gasoline efficient cars. Many people, however, feel that this is not enough.

As far as politics go, the responses are just as varied. Mitigation is common and calls for a reduction of emissions and less reliance on fossil fuels. Coal burning power plants are now replaced with hydraulic power plants and electric cars are replacing some gasoline efficient cars. Many people, however, feel that this is not enough.

It is good for the environment also good for your electricity bill. 

seven thousand seven hundred/seventy seven hundred

23060	I will be in my office every day from ten to twelve. / I will be in my office every day from 11 o'clock to 2 o'clock.	http://res.ytaxx.com/image/activity/20180809/1c0a9402181a4c1fa57e10d43b6312ac.mp3	 	I will be in my office every day from ten to twelve. / I will be in my office every day from 11 o'clo


[word]
Basketball was created in one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one by a physician and a physical instructor.
Basketball was created in eighteen ninety-one by a physician and a physical instructor.
[number_replace]
1891/  |  /



RA/机经/18
First discovered in 2007, "fast radio burst" continue to defy explanation. These cosmic chirps last a thousandth of a second. The characteristics of the radio pulses suggested that they came from galaxies billions of light-years away.However, new works points to a much closer origin-flaring stars within our own galaxy.


First discovered in 2007, 'fast radio burst' continue to defy explanation. These cosmic chirps last a thousandth of a second. The characteristics of the radio pulses suggested that they came from galaxies billions of light-years away. However, new works points to a much closer origin-flaring stars within our own galaxy.




RA/机经/192
Along with customary classes on subjects such as finance, accounting, and marketing, today's MBA students are enrolling on courses for environmental policy and stewardship. Indeed, more than half of business schools require a course in environmental sustainability or corporate social responsibility, according to a survey of 91 US business schools, published in October of 2005. 

RA/机经/193
Few things in the world produce such amazement as one's first glimpse of the Grand Canyon; it took around more than 2 billion years to create this vast wonder – in some places. 17 miles wide,largely through the relentless force of the Colorado River, which runs 277 miles along its length and a mile beneath its towering rims.

RA/机经/195
Northcote Parkinson, a British writer, formulated Parkinson’s rule: "Work expands to fill the time allotted to it; or,conversely,the amount of work completed is in inverse proportion to the number of people employed. "Simply said If you have an hour to do a 5-minute job, it will take an hour to do it. A large number of people accomplish less work than a smaller number of people.